An MVP, or minimum viable product,
is essentially an experiment at the initial conception of a product.
But rather than just focusing on one feature,
an MVP is a collection of features working cohesively together to form a usable,
functional, but not fully fleshed out product.
Here is a real rolled example of an MVP.
Two fledging founders are looking to validate
their hypotheses or people of varying demographics,
willing to pay to stay in strangers homes instead of hotels.
So they set up a very basic website to make reservations.
They posted up three air beds in
their living room of their small apartment in San Francisco,
and provided a home cooked breakfast thrown in there for familial hospitality.
Demand was high, transactions went through,
and users started referring their friends.
Proving that the idea's viable without having to hire hundreds of employees to build out
a suite of micro-services to power a recommendation and
booking system to validate the hypothesis,
only to not have it let it potentially pass.